---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cobbler_distro Data Source - terraform-provider-cobbler"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get the details of a Cobbler distro.
---

# cobbler_distro (Data Source)

Use this data source to get the details of a Cobbler distro.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the distro.

### Optional

- `template_files` (Map of String) File mappings for built-in config management.

### Read-Only

- `arch` (String) The architecture of the distro.
- `boot_loaders` (Attributes) Boot loaders. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--boot_loaders))
- `breed` (String) The "breed" of distribution.
- `comment` (String) Free form text description.
- `initrd` (String) Absolute path to initrd on filesystem.
- `kernel` (String) Absolute path to kernel on filesystem.
- `kernel_options` (Attributes) Kernel options to use with the kernel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_options))
- `kernel_options_post` (Attributes) Post install kernel options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_options_post))
- `os_version` (String) The version of the distro.
- `owners` (Attributes) Owners list for authz_ownership. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners))
- `remote_boot_initrd` (String) URL the bootloader directly retrieves and boots from.
- `remote_boot_kernel` (String) URL the bootloader directly retrieves and boots from.
- `uid` (String) Server-assigned UID for this distro. Use this as the value for `cobbler_profile.distro`.

<a id="nestedatt--boot_loaders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_loaders`

Read-Only:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--kernel_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_options`

Read-Only:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--kernel_options_post"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_options_post`

Read-Only:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners`

Read-Only:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (List of String)
