---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cobbler_network_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-cobbler"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to look up a Cobbler network interface (Cobbler 4.0.0+).
---

# cobbler_network_interface (Data Source)

Use this data source to look up a Cobbler network interface (Cobbler 4.0.0+).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The interface's name (globally unique across all systems, since network interfaces are a flat, top-level Cobbler collection).

### Read-Only

- `bonding_opts` (String) Options for bonded interfaces.
- `bridge_opts` (String) Options for bridge interfaces.
- `comment` (String) Free form text description.
- `connected_mode` (Boolean) Whether InfiniBand connected-mode is enabled.
- `dhcp_tag` (String) DHCP tag.
- `dns` (Attributes) Per-interface DNS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns))
- `if_gateway` (String) Per-interface gateway.
- `interface_master` (String) Master interface name when this is a slave.
- `interface_type` (String) Type of interface.
- `ipv4` (Attributes) Per-interface IPv4 configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4))
- `ipv6` (Attributes) Per-interface IPv6 configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6))
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the interface.
- `management` (Boolean) Whether this is a management interface.
- `mtu` (String) The interface MTU.
- `static` (Boolean) Static (true) or DHCP (false).
- `system` (String) The UID of the parent system.
- `system_name` (String) The name of the parent system.
- `virt_bridge` (Attributes) The virtual bridge to attach to (inheritable). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virt_bridge))

<a id="nestedatt--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns`

Read-Only:

- `cnames` (List of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `gateway` (String)
- `netmask` (String)
- `static_routes` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ipv6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `default_gateway` (String)
- `mtu` (String)
- `prefix` (String)
- `secondaries` (List of String)
- `static_routes` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--virt_bridge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virt_bridge`

Read-Only:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)
