---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cobbler_image Resource - terraform-provider-cobbler"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  cobbler_image manages an image within Cobbler.
---

# cobbler_image (Resource)

`cobbler_image` manages an image within Cobbler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cobbler_image" "Ubuntu-2004-x86_64" {
  name       = "foo"
  file       = "/var/www/cobbler/images/ubuntu-20.04-live-server-amd64.iso"
  breed      = "ubuntu"
  os_version = "focal"
  arch       = "x86_64"
  image_type = "iso"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `file` (String) Path to the image media. Format depends on `image_type`.
- `name` (String) A name for the image.

### Optional

- `arch` (String) The architecture of the image. Valid options are: i386, x86_64, ia64, ppc, ppc64, s390, arm.
- `autoinstall` (String) Path to an autoinstall file (e.g. kickstart, preseed). Leave empty to inherit from defaults.
- `boot_loaders` (List of String) Boot loaders supported by the image. Must be subset of: 'grub', 'pxe', 'ipxe'.
- `breed` (String) The "breed" of distribution. Valid options are: redhat, fedora, centos, scientific linux, suse, debian, and ubuntu.
- `comment` (String) Free form text description.
- `image_type` (String) Type of image. Valid options are: direct, iso, memdisk, virt-clone.
- `kernel_options` (Attributes) Kernel options to use with the kernel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_options))
- `kernel_options_post` (Attributes) Post install kernel options to use with the kernel after installation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kernel_options_post))
- `menu` (String) The Cobbler UID of the parent menu that this image appears under. Use `cobbler_menu.foo.uid`.
- `os_version` (String) The OS version the image contains. Example: `focal`.
- `owners` (Attributes) Owners list for authz_ownership. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners))
- `template_files` (Map of String) File mappings for built-in config management.
- `virt_auto_boot` (Boolean) Whether to auto-boot the virtual machine.
- `virt_bridge` (String) Bridge for the virtual machine to attach to.
- `virt_cpus` (Number) Number of CPUs to allocate to the virtual machine.
- `virt_disk_driver` (String) Disk driver for the virtual machine. Valid options are: raw, qcow2, qed, vdi, vdmk. Leave empty to inherit.
- `virt_file_size` (Attributes) Disk file size in GB for the virtual machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virt_file_size))
- `virt_path` (String) Path on the virtualization host where the image is stored.
- `virt_ram` (Attributes) RAM in MB to allocate to the virtual machine. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virt_ram))
- `virt_type` (String) Virtualization type. Valid options are: qemu, kvm, xenpv, xenfv, vmware, vmwarew, openvz, auto. Leave empty to inherit.

### Read-Only

- `uid` (String) Server-assigned UID for this image. Use this as the value for `cobbler_system.image`.

<a id="nestedatt--kernel_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_options`

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--kernel_options_post"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kernel_options_post`

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners`

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--virt_file_size"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virt_file_size`

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--virt_ram"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virt_ram`

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import cobbler_image.foo foo
```
