---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cobbler_repo Resource - terraform-provider-cobbler"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  cobbler_repo manages a repo within Cobbler.
---

# cobbler_repo (Resource)

`cobbler_repo` manages a repo within Cobbler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cobbler_repo" "my_repo" {
  name           = "my_repo"
  breed          = "apt"
  arch           = "x86_64"
  apt_components = ["main"]
  apt_dists      = ["focal"]
  mirror         = "http://us.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mirror` (String) Address of the repo to mirror.
- `name` (String) A name for the repo.

### Optional

- `apt_components` (List of String) List of Apt components such as main, restricted, universe. Applicable to apt breeds only.
- `apt_dists` (List of String) List of Apt distribution names such as focal, focal-updates. Applicable to apt breeds only.
- `arch` (String) The architecture of the repo. Valid options are: i386, x86_64, ia64, ppc, ppc64, s390, arm.
- `breed` (String) The "breed" of distribution. Valid options are: rsync, rhn, yum, apt, and wget.
- `comment` (String) Free form text description.
- `createrepo_flags` (Attributes) Flags to use with `createrepo`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--createrepo_flags))
- `environment` (Map of String) Environment variables to use during repo command execution.
- `keep_updated` (Boolean) Update the repo upon Cobbler sync. Valid values are true or false.
- `mirror_locally` (Boolean) Whether to copy the files locally or just references to the external files.
- `owners` (Attributes) List of Owners for authz_ownership. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owners))
- `proxy` (Attributes) Proxy to use for downloading the repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy))
- `rpm_list` (List of String) List of specific RPMs to mirror.

<a id="nestedatt--createrepo_flags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `createrepo_flags`

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--owners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owners`

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Optional:

- `inherited` (Boolean)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import cobbler_repo.foo foo
```
