---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cobbler_system Resource - terraform-provider-cobbler"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  cobbler_system manages a system within Cobbler.
---

# cobbler_system (Resource)

`cobbler_system` manages a system within Cobbler.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cobbler_system" "my_system" {
  name         = "my_system"
  profile      = "my_profile"
  name_servers = ["8.8.8.8", "8.8.4.4"]
  comment      = "I'm a system"

  interface {
    name        = "eth0"
    mac_address = "aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff"
    static      = true
    ip_address  = "1.2.3.4"
    netmask     = "255.255.255.0"
  }

  interface {
    name        = "eth1"
    mac_address = "aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:fa"
    static      = true
    ip_address  = "1.2.3.5"
    netmask     = "255.255.255.0"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the system.
- `profile` (String) Parent profile.

### Optional

- `autoinstall` (String) Template remote kickstarts or preseeds.
- `autoinstall_meta` (Map of String) Automatic installation template metadata, formerly Kickstart metadata.
- `autoinstall_meta_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that autoinstall_meta should be set to inherit from its parent
- `boot_files` (Map of String) Files copied into tftpboot beyond the kernel/initrd.
- `boot_files_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that boot_files should be set to inherit from its parent
- `boot_loaders` (List of String) Must be either `grub`, `pxe`, or `ipxe`.
- `boot_loaders_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that boot_loaders should be set to inherit from its parent
- `comment` (String) Free form text description.
- `enable_ipxe` (Boolean) Use iPXE instead of PXELINUX for advanced booting options.
- `enable_ipxe_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that enable_ipxe should be set to inherit from its parent
- `fetchable_files` (Map of String) Templates for tftp or wget.
- `fetchable_files_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that fetchable_files should be set to inherit from its parent
- `gateway` (String) Network gateway.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the system.
- `image` (String) Parent image (if no profile is used).
- `interface` (Block Set) The `interface` Block Set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface))
- `ipv6_default_device` (String) IPv6 default device.
- `kernel_options` (Map of String) Kernel options. ex: `selinux=permissive`.
- `kernel_options_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that kernel_options should be set to inherit from its parent
- `kernel_options_post` (Map of String) Kernel options (post install).
- `kernel_options_post_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that kernel_options_post should be set to inherit from its parent
- `mgmt_classes` (List of String) For external configuration management.
- `mgmt_classes_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that mgmt_classes should be set to inherit from its parent
- `mgmt_parameters` (Map of String) Parameters which will be handed to your management application (Must be a valid YAML dictionary).
- `mgmt_parameters_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that mgmt_parameters should be set to inherit from its parent
- `name_servers` (List of String) Name servers.
- `name_servers_search` (List of String) Name server search settings.
- `netboot_enabled` (Boolean) (Re)install this machine at next boot.
- `next_server_v4` (String) The next_server_v4 option is used for DHCP/PXE as the IP of the TFTP server from which network boot files are downloaded. Usually, this will be the same IP as the server setting.
- `next_server_v6` (String) The next_server_v6 option is used for DHCP/PXE as the IP of the TFTP server from which network boot files are downloaded. Usually, this will be the same IP as the server setting.
- `owners` (List of String) Owners list for authz_ownership.
- `owners_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that owners should be set to inherit from its parent
- `power_address` (String) Power management address.
- `power_id` (String) Usually a plug number or blade name if power type requires it.
- `power_pass` (String) Power management password.
- `power_type` (String) Power management type.
- `power_user` (String) Power management user.
- `proxy` (String) Proxy URL.
- `status` (String) System status (development, testing, acceptance, production).
- `template_files` (Map of String) File mappings for built-in config management.
- `template_files_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that template_files should be set to inherit from its parent
- `virt_auto_boot` (Boolean) Auto boot virtual machines.
- `virt_auto_boot_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that virt_auto_boot should be set to inherit from its parent
- `virt_cpus` (Number) The number of virtual CPUs
- `virt_cpus_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that virt_cpus should be set to inherit from its parent
- `virt_disk_driver` (String) The virtual machine disk driver.
- `virt_file_size` (Number) The virtual machine file size.
- `virt_file_size_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that virt_file_size should be set to inherit from its parent
- `virt_path` (String) The virtual machine path.
- `virt_pxe_boot` (Boolean) Use PXE to build this virtual machine.
- `virt_ram` (Number) The amount of RAM for the virtual machine.
- `virt_ram_inherit` (Boolean) Signal that virt_ram should be set to inherit from its parent
- `virt_type` (String) The type of virtual machine. Valid options are: xenpv, xenfv, qemu, kvm, vmware, openvz.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface`

Required:

- `name` (String) The device name of the interface. ex: `eth0`.

Optional:

- `bonding_opts` (String) Options for bonded interfaces.
- `bridge_opts` (String) Options for bridge interfaces.
- `cnames` (List of String) Canonical name records.
- `dhcp_tag` (String) DHCP tag.
- `dns_name` (String) DNS name.
- `gateway` (String) Per-interface gateway.
- `interface_master` (String) The master interface when slave.
- `interface_type` (String) The type of interface: NA, master, slave, bond, bond_slave, bridge, bridge_slave, bonded_bridge_slave, infiniband, bmc
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the interface.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The IPv6 address of the interface.
- `ipv6_default_gateway` (String) The default gateawy for the IPv6 address / interface.
- `ipv6_mtu` (String) The MTU of the IPv6 address.
- `ipv6_secondaries` (List of String) IPv6 secondaries.
- `ipv6_static_routes` (List of String) Static routes for the IPv6 interface.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the interface.
- `management` (Boolean) Whether this interface is a management interface.
- `netmask` (String) The IPv4 netmask of the interface.
- `static` (Boolean) Whether the interface should be static or DHCP.
- `static_routes` (List of String) Static routes for the interface.
- `virt_bridge` (String) The virtual bridge to attach to.
